[Music]
when I was 9 years old I went off to
summer camp for the first time and my
mother packed me his suitcase full of
books which to me seemed like a
perfectly natural thing to do because in
my family reading was the primary group
activity and this might sound antisocial
to you but for us it was really just a
different way of being social you had
the animal warmth of your family sitting
right next to you
but you were also free to go roaming
around the Adventureland inside your own
mind and I had this idea that camp was
going to be just like this but better I
had a vision of 10 girls sitting in a
cabin cozily reading books and their
matching nightgowns camp was more like a
keg party without any alcohol and on the
very first day our counselor gathered us
all together and she taught us a cheer
that she said we would be doing every
day for the rest of the summer to
instill camp spirit and it went like
this
our owd ie that's the way we spell rowdy
rowdy rowdy
let's get rowdy yeah so I couldn't
figure out for the life of me why we
were supposed to be so rowdy or why we
had to spell this word incorrectly
[Applause]
but I recited the cheer I recited the
cheer along with everybody else I did my
best and I just waited for the time that
I could go off and read my books but the
first time that I took my book out of my
suitcase the coolest girl in the bunk
came up to me and she asked me why are
you being so mellow mellow of course
being the exact opposite of our owd ie
and then the second time I tried it the
counselor came up to me with a concerned
expression on her face and she repeated
the point about camp spirit and said we
should all really work very hard to be
outgoing and so I put my books away back
in their suitcase and I put them under
my bed and there they stayed for the
rest of the summer and I felt kind of
guilty about this I felt as if the books
needed me somehow and they were calling
out to me and I was forsaking them but I
did forsake them and I didn't open that
suitcase again until I was back home
with my family at the end of the summer
now I tell you this story about summer
camp I could have told you fifty others
just like it all the times that I got
the message that somehow my quiet and
introverted style of being was not
necessarily the right way to go and that
I should be trying to pass as more of an
extrovert and I always sensed deep down
that this was wrong and that introverts
were pretty excellent just as they were
but for years I denied this intuition
and so I became a Wall Street lawyer of
all things instead of the writer that I
had always longed to be partly because I
needed to prove to myself that I could
be bold and assertive - and I was always
going off to crowded bars when I really
would have preferred to just have a nice
dinner with friends and I made these
self negating choices so reflexively
that I wasn't even aware that I was
making them now this is what many
introverts to you and it's our loss for
sure but it is also our colleagues loss
and our community's loss and at the risk
of sounding grandiose it is the world's
loss because when it comes to creativity
and to leadership we need introverts
doing what they do best a third to a
half of the population or introverts a
third to a half so that's one out of
every two or three people you know so
even if you are an extrovert
you know I'm talking about your
co-workers and your spouses and your
children and the person sitting right
next to you right now
all of them subject to this bias that is
pretty deep and real in our society we
all internalize it from a very early age
without even having a language for what
we're doing now to see the bias clearly
you need to understand what introversion
is and it's different from being shy
shyness is about fear of social judgment
introversion is more about how do you
respond to stimulation including social
stimulation so extroverts really crave
large amounts of stimulation
whereas introverts feel at their most
alive and their most switched on and
they're most capable when they're in
quieter more low-key environments not
all the time you know these things are
in absolute but a lot of the time
so the key then to maximizing our
talents is for us all to put ourselves
in the zone of stimulation that is right
for us but now here's where the bias
comes in our most important institutions
our schools and our workplaces they are
designed mostly for extroverts and for
extroverts need for lots of stimulation
and also we are living through this
belief system we have a belief system
right now that I call the new groupthink
which holds that all creativity and all
productivity comes from a very oddly
gregarious place so if you picture the
typical classroom nowadays when I was
going to school we sat in rows we you
know we thought in rows of desks like
this and we did most of our work pretty
autonomously but nowadays your typical
classroom has pods of desks of four or
five or six or seven kids all facing
each other and kids are working in
countless group assignments even in
subjects like math and creative writing
which you would think would depend on
solo flights of thought kids are now
expected to act as committee members and
for the kids who prefer to go off by
themselves or just to work alone those
kids are seen as outliers often or worse
as problem cases and the vast majority
of teachers reports believing that the
ideal student is an extrovert as opposed
to an introvert even though introverts
actually get better grades and are more
knowledgeable according to according to
research
okay same thing is true in our
workplaces we now most of us work in
open-plan offices without walls where we
are subject to the constant noise and
gaze of our co-workers and when it comes
to leadership introverts are routinely
passed over for leadership positions
even though introverts tend to be very
careful much less likely to take
outsides risks which is something we
might all favor nowadays and an
interesting research by Adam grant at
the Wharton School has found that
introverted leaders often deliver better
outcomes than extroverts to you because
when they are managing proactive
employees they're much more likely to
let those employees run with their ideas
whereas an extrovert can quite
unwittingly get so excited about about
things that they're putting their own
stamp on things and other people's ideas
might not as easily then bubble up to
the surface now in fact some of our
transformative leaders in history have
been introverts I'll give you some
examples Eleanor Roosevelt Rosa Parks
Gandhi all these people described
themselves as quiet and soft-spoken and
even shy and they all took the spotlight
even though every bone in their bodies
was telling them not to and this turns
out to have a special power all its own
because people could feel that these
leaders were at the helm not because
they enjoyed directing others and not
out of the pleasure of being looked at
they were there because they had no
choice because they were driven to do
what they thought was right now I think
at this point it's important for me to
say that I actually love extroverts I
always like to say some of my best
friends are extroverts including my
beloved husband and we all fall at
different points of course along the
introvert extrovert spectrum you know
even Carl Jung the psychologist who
first popularized these terms said that
there's no such thing as a pure
introvert or a pure extrovert
he said that such a man would be an
Aluna tick asylum if he existed at all
and some people fall smack in the middle
of the introvert extrovert spectrum and
we call these people ambiverts and I
often think that they have the best of
all worlds but many of us do recognize
ourselves as one type or the other and
what I'm saying is that culturally we
need a much better balance we mean we
more of a yin and yang between these two
types you know this is especially
important when it comes to creativity
into productivity because when
psychologists look at the lives have the
most creative people what they find are
people who are very good at exchanging
ideas and advancing ideas but who also
have a serious streak of introversion in
them and this is because solitude is a
crucial ingredient often to creativity
so Darwin you know he took long walks
alone in the woods and emphatically
turned down dinner party invitations
Theodor Geisel better known as dr. Seuss
he dreamed up many of his amazing
creations in a lonely belltower office
that he had in the back of his house in
La Jolla California and he was actually
afraid to meet the young children who
read his books for fear that they were
expecting him to be this kind of jolly
Santa Claus like figure and would be
disappointed with his more reserved
persona Steve Wozniak invented the first
Apple computer sitting alone in his
cubicle and hewlett-packard where he was
working at the time
and he says that he never would have
become such an expert in the first place
had he not been too introverted to leave
the house when he was growing up now of
course this does not mean that we should
all stop collaborating and Kayson point
is Steve Wozniak famously coming
together with Steve Jobs to start Apple
Computer but it does mean that solitude
matters and that for some people it is
the air that they breathe and in fact we
have known for centuries about the
transcendent power of solitude it's only
recently that we've strangely begun to
forget it if you look at most of the
world's major religions you will find
seekers Moses Jesus Buddha Muhammad
seekers who are going off by themselves
alone to the wilderness where they then
have profound epiphanies and revelations
that they then bring back to the rest of
the community
so no wilderness no revelations this is
no surprise though if you look at the
insights of contemporary psychology you
know it turns out that we can't even be
in a group of people without
instinctively mirroring
mimicking their opinions even about
seemingly personal and visceral things
like who you're attracted to
you will start eight Bank the beliefs of
the people around you without even
realizing that that's what you're doing
and groups famously follow the opinions
of the most dominant or charismatic
person in the room even though there's
zero correlation between being the best
talker and having the best ideas I mean
zero so you might be following the
person with the best ideas but you might
not and do you really want to leave it
up to chance much better for everybody
to go off by themselves generate their
own ideas freed from the distortions of
group dynamics and then come together as
a team to talk some through in a will
manage environment and take it from
there
now if all this is true then why are we
getting it so wrong why are we setting
up our schools this way in our
workplaces and why are we making
introverts feel so guilty about wanting
to just go off by themselves some of the
time
one answer lies deep in our cultural
history Western societies and in
particular the u.s. have always favored
the man of action over the man of
contemplation and man of contemplation
but in the you know in America's early
days we lived in what historians call a
culture of character where we still at
that point valued people for their inner
selves and their moral rectitude and if
you look at the self-help books from
this era as they all had titles with
things like character the grandest thing
in the world and they featured role
models like Abraham Lincoln who was
praised for being modest and unassuming
Ralph Waldo Emerson called him a man who
does not offend by superiority but then
we hit the twentieth century and we
entered a new culture that historians
call the culture of personality you know
what happened is we had evolved from an
agricultural economy to a world of big
business and so suddenly people are
moving from small towns to the cities
and instead of working alongside people
they've known all their lives now they
are having to prove themselves at a
crowd of strangers
so quite understandably quality is like
magnetism and charisma suddenly come to
seem really important I'm sure enough
the self-help books change to meet
these new needs and they start to have
names like how to win friends and
influence people and they feature as
their role models really great salesman
so that's the world we're living in
today that's our cultural inheritance
now none of this is to say that social
skills are unimportant and I'm also not
calling for the abolishing of teamwork
at all you know the same religions who
send their sages off to lonely
mountaintops
also teach us love and trust and the
problems that we are facing today and
feels like science and in economics are
so vast and so complex that we are going
to need armies of people coming together
to solve them working together but I am
saying that the more freedom that we
give introverts to be themselves the
more likely that they are to come up
with their own unique solutions to these
problems so now I'd like to share with
you what's in my suitcase today guess
what books have a suitcase full of books
here's Margaret Atwood cat's-eye here's
a novel by Milan Kundera and here's the
guide of the perplexed by Maimonides but
these are not exactly my books I brought
these books with me because they were
written by my grandfather's favorite
authors my grandfather was a rabbi and
he was a widower who lived alone in a
small apartment in Brooklyn that was my
favorite place in the world when I was
growing up partly because it was filled
with his very gentle very courtly
presence and partly because it was
filled with books I mean literally every
table every chair in this apartment had
yielded its original function to now
serve as a surface for swaying stacks of
books just like the rest of my family my
grandfather's favorite thing to do in
the world was to read but he also loved
his congregation and you could feel this
love in the sermons that he gave every
week for the 62 years that he was a
rabbi he would take the fruits of each
week's reading and he would weave these
intricate tapestries of ancient and
humanist thought and people would come
from all over to hear him speak
but here's the thing about my
grandfather underneath this ceremonial
role he was really modest and really
introverted
so much so that when he delivered these
sermons he had trouble in making eye
contact with a very same congregation
that he had been speaking to you for 62
years and even away from the podium when
you called him to say hello he would
often end the conversation prematurely
for fear that he was taking up too much
of your time but when he died at the age
of 94 the police had to close down the
streets of his neighborhood to
accommodate the crowd of people who came
out to mourn him and so these days I try
to learn from my grandfather's example
in my own way so I just published a book
about introversion and it took me about
seven years to write and for me that
seven years was like total bliss because
you know I was reading I was writing I
was thinking I was researching it was my
version of my grandfather's hours a day
alone in his library but now all of a
sudden my job is very different and my
job is to be out here talking about it
talking about introversion
and that's a lot harder for me because
as honored as I am to be here with all
of you right now this is not my natural
milieu so I prepared for moments like
these as best I could I spent the last
year practicing public speaking every
chance I could get and I called this my
year of speaking dangerously and that
actually helped a lot but I'll tell you
what helps even more is my sense my
belief my hope that when it comes to our
attitudes to introversion and to quiet
and to solitude we truly are poised on
the brink of dramatic change I mean we
are and so I am going to leave you now
with three calls for actions for those
who share this vision number one stop
the madness for constant group work just
stop it
thank you and I want to be clear about
what I'm saying because I believe our
offices should be encouraging casual
chatty cafe style types of interactions
you know the kind where people come
together and serendipitously have an
exchange of ideas that is great that's
great for introverts and it's great for
extroverts but we need much more privacy
and much more freedom much more autonomy
at work school same thing we need to be
teaching kids to work together for sure
but we also need to be teaching them how
to work on their own this is especially
important for extroverted children too
they need to work on their own because
that is where deep thought comes from in
part okay number two go to the
wilderness be like Buddha have your own
revelations I'm not saying that we all
have to now go off and build our own
cabins in the woods and never talk to
each other again but I am saying that we
could all stand to unplug and get inside
our own heads a little more often number
three take a good look at what's inside
your own suitcase and why you put it
there so extroverts maybe your suitcases
are also full of books or maybe they're
full of champagne glasses or skydiving
equipment whatever it is I hope you take
these things out every chance you get
and grace us with your energy and your
joy but introverts you being you you
probably have the impulse to guard very
carefully what's inside your own
suitcase and that's okay but
occasionally just occasionally I hope
you will open up your suitcases for
other people to see because the world
needs you and it needs the things you
carry so I wish you the best of all
possible journeys and the courage to
speak softly thank you very much
thank you
[Applause]
you